Add Documentation for Project Guidelines (#14674)
mistercrunch/Airflow: dev/PROJECT_GUIDELINES.md

  - [Airflow Improvement Proposals (AIPs)](#airflow-improvement-proposals-aips)
  - [Support for Airflow 1.10.x releases](#support-for-airflow-110x-releases)
  - [Support for Backport Providers](#support-for-backport-providers)
  - [Release Guidelines](#release-guidelines)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Overview

This document describes all the guidelines that have been agreed upon by the committers and PMC
members on the mailing list.

## Adding a Committer or PMC Member

[COMMITTERS.rst](../COMMITTERS.rst) contains the guidelines for adding a new Committer and promoting an existing
Committer to a PMC member.

## Airflow Improvement Proposals (AIPs)

When voting on AIPs, both PMC members and committers have a binding vote.
([Link](https://lists.apache.org/thread.html/ra22cb7799e62e451fc285dee29f9df1eb17c000535ca2911c322c797%40%3Cdev.airflow.apache.org%3E))

## Support for Airflow 1.10.x releases

The Airflow 1.10.x series will be supported for six months (June 17, 2021) from Airflow 2.0.0
release date (Dec 17, 2020). Specifically, only 'critical fixes' defined as fixes to bugs

> that take down Production systems, will be backported to 1.10.x until Dec 17, 2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that take down Production systems, will be backported to 1.10.x until June 17, 2021.
```

Author: Updated @eladkal
